README.md, before:

# Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FI-M-Marinov%2FPhone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov&count_bg=%230098ED&title_bg=%23292727&icon=iconify.svg&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=views&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)

## Description:

- Simple UI Windows application for saving your contacts 

## Technology stack:
- C#
- .NET Core
- Photoshop CS6 ( for the icon )
- EPPlus Software's OfficeOpenXml 7.1.0 nuget ( Spreadsheet library for .NET Core and .NET Framework - free version, non-commercial use )
- Figma
- Microsoft Office Excel
  

## Design Diagram:

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/design-diagram-phone-book.png">
</p>


## Features
- New Entry feature - adds a new empty ( First name, Last name, Phone number and Email to the database ( Excel document )
- Load - Loads an entry when it is marked on in the DataGrid View on the bottom of the application
- Save - Saves an entry in the database. Contacts are going to be saved if all the information is put in ( cannot save incomplete contacts ).
- Delete - Deletes an entry from the DataGrid View in the application and in the database ( Excel spreadsheet ).
- Adjustable file path for the Contacts Excel file. Just go in and change the string **excelFilePath = @"C:\Users\Marinov\Desktop\contacts.xlsx"**



## Screenshots: 

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/Phone-book-screenshot.PNG">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/contacts-excel.PNG">
</p>


## Planned updates:

- Search
- Data validation for the phone number field

Commit message:

Added the Updates section
Added the Updates section

README.md, after:

# Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FI-M-Marinov%2FPhone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov&count_bg=%230098ED&title_bg=%23292727&icon=iconify.svg&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=views&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)

## Description:

- Simple UI Windows application for saving your contacts 

## Technology stack:
- C#
- .NET Core
- Photoshop CS6 ( for the icon )
- EPPlus Software's OfficeOpenXml 7.1.0 nuget ( Spreadsheet library for .NET Core and .NET Framework - free version, non-commercial use )
- Figma
- Microsoft Office Excel
  

## Design Diagram:

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/design-diagram-phone-book.png">
</p>


## Features
- New Entry feature - adds a new empty ( First name, Last name, Phone number and Email to the database ( Excel document )
- Load - Loads an entry when it is marked on in the DataGrid View on the bottom of the application
- Save - Saves an entry in the database. Contacts are going to be saved if all the information is put in ( cannot save incomplete contacts ).
- Delete - Deletes an entry from the DataGrid View in the application and in the database ( Excel spreadsheet ).
- Adjustable file path for the Contacts Excel file. Just go in and change the string **excelFilePath = @"C:\Users\Marinov\Desktop\contacts.xlsx"**

## Updates
- Program now checks for duplicate contacts ( only by First and Last Name, so it let's the user add a second number or email for instance for the same person under a different name )
- The delete button would no longer delete immediately a contact. Extra validation added, so the user can avoid accidently deleting contacts from the list. 

## Screenshots: 

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/Phone-book-screenshot.PNG">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./Phone-Book-by-I-M-Marinov/pictures/contacts-excel.PNG">
</p>


## Planned updates:

- Search
- Data validation for the phone number field
